docs: add release v1.28 boilerplate for blogpost (#4800)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/blogs/release-v128.en.md

---

> title: 'AWS Copilot v1.28: Static Site Service Type and more!'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'AWS Copilot v1.28: Static Site service type and more!'
```

twitter_title: 'AWS Copilot v1.28'
image: ''
image_alt: ''
image_width: '1051'
image_height: '747'
---

> # AWS Copilot v1.28: Static Site Service Type and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# AWS Copilot v1.28: Static Site service type and more!
```

Posted On: May 02, 2023

The AWS Copilot core team is announcing the Copilot v1.28 release.

> Special thanks to [@interu](https://github.com/interu), [@0xO0O0](https://github.com/0xO0O0),who contributed to this release.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Special thanks to [@interu](https://github.com/interu), [@0xO0O0](https://github.com/0xO0O0), who contributed to this release.
```

Our public [сommunity сhat](https://app.gitter.im/#/room/#aws_copilot-cli:gitter.im) is growing and has over 400 people online and over 2.8k stars on [GitHub](http://github.com/aws/copilot-cli/).
Thanks to every one of you who shows love and support for AWS Copilot.

Copilot v1.28 brings several new features and improvements:

> - **Static Site Service Type**: You can now deploy and host static website in AWS S3 Bucket. [See detailed section](#static-site-service-type).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Static Site service type**: You can now deploy and host static websites with AWS S3. [See detailed section](#static-site-service-type).
```

> - **Parallel Container Images Build**: You can now build main container and sidecar container images in parallel. With parallel build, you can reduce the overall time it takes build and push container images to AWS ECR repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Parallel Container Images Build**: You can now build main container and sidecar container images in parallel. With parallel build, you can reduce the overall time it takes build and push container images to AWS ECR.
```

---
title: 'AWS Copilot v1.28: Static Site service type and more!'
twitter_title: 'AWS Copilot v1.28'
image: ''
image_alt: ''
image_width: '1051'
image_height: '747'
---

# AWS Copilot v1.28: Static Site service type and more!

Posted On: May 02, 2023

The AWS Copilot core team is announcing the Copilot v1.28 release.
Special thanks to [@interu](https://github.com/interu), [@0xO0O0](https://github.com/0xO0O0), who contributed to this release.
Our public [сommunity сhat](https://app.gitter.im/#/room/#aws_copilot-cli:gitter.im) is growing and has over 400 people online and over 2.8k stars on [GitHub](http://github.com/aws/copilot-cli/).
Thanks to every one of you who shows love and support for AWS Copilot.

Copilot v1.28 brings several new features and improvements:

- **Static Site service type**: You can now deploy and host static websites with AWS S3. [See detailed section](#Static-Site-service-type).

> - **Config Multiple Container Ports through `--port` flag**:`Copilot init` and `Copilot svc init` now allows you to configure multiple ports for Load Balanced Service and Backend Service. [See detailed section](#Config-Multiple-Container-Ports-through---port-flag).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Config Multiple Container Ports through `--port` flag**:`copilot init` and `copilot svc init` now allow you to configure multiple ports for Load Balanced Service and Backend Service. [See detailed section](#Config-Multiple-Container-Ports-through---port-flag).
```

> - **Container Images Parallel Build**: You can now build main container and sidecar container images in parallel. With parallel build, you can reduce the overall time it takes build and push container images to AWS ECR.

Reviewer: ECR is actually an Amazon product, not AWS
```suggestion
- **Container Images Parallel Build**: You can now build main container and sidecar container images in parallel. With parallel build, you can reduce the overall time it takes build and push container images to Amazon ECR.
```

???+ note "What’s AWS Copilot?"

    The AWS Copilot CLI is a tool for developers to build, release, and operate production ready containerized applications on AWS.
    From getting started, pushing to staging, and releasing to production, Copilot can help manage the entire lifecycle of your application development.
    At the foundation of Copilot is AWS CloudFormation, which enables you to provision infrastructure as code.
    Copilot provides pre-defined CloudFormation templates and user-friendly workflows for different types of micro service architectures,
    enabling you to focus on developing your application, instead of writing deployment scripts.

    See the section [Overview](../docs/concepts/overview.en.md) for a more detailed introduction to AWS Copilot.

## Static Site service type

### Static Site Upload Experience

### Integrate With CloudFront

> ## Config Multiple Container Ports through `--port` flag

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Config multiple container ports with the `--port` flag
```
